---
title: Beat the Summer heat Fundraiser
author: Webmaster
---
{%  include figure.html 
  image="images\events\2023-8-26- BSH\BSH poster.webp" %}
We’re once again celebrating the end of the summer season with “Beat the Summer Heat”🥵. We will be eating spicy chicken wings with a twist. For each donation tier met, we will be increasing the spice level of the wings.

The livestream will be on August 26th at 4pm and will be streamed exclusively on our twitch/tOSULambdas. We will be doing three different events: Hot Wing Race, Trivia Hot Seat, and Grill a Lambda. During the entire stream, the teams will eat their wings based on the spiciness tier met. Consider donating to the hottest tier to test us 😤.

# Event starts: 4PM
# Roll Call Starts: 7:00 PM
# Stream: twitch.tv/tOSULambdas

{% include section.html %}

THE GAMES
Hot Wing Race: There will be 24 wings for each team, and each team will be timed to see which one can finish the fastest.

Trivia Hot Seat: Brothers will be asked trivia questions, and whoever answers the question correctly will win the round. The other people on the 3 teams will have to eat a hot wing.

Grill a Lambda: Teams will be asked a question about themselves, and if they don’t want to answer, they will have to eat a wing.

DONATIONS
Each team will have a donation meter, and a spice level will be associated with each tier. There will be a total of 4 tiers, and when each team gets donated enough to go up a tier, a spicier hot sauce will be put on their wings.

The levels are:
Level 1: Zing Mild
Level 2: Garlic Scorpion
Level 3: Sweet Ghost Pepper
Level 4: Hellfire Doomed

{% include section.html %}

If you would like to donate, venmo @osu-lambdas which team you want it to go towards.
Make sure to check out our livestream this upcoming Saturday from 3-5pm at twitch.tv/tOSULambdas. We look forward to seeing everyone there!